# Session 1 Recap - July 16, 2023

In the Gorvan Empire, in the Capital Zale, in a tavern named The Broken Tavern, five individuals meet for the first time. Through different interactions of the group, Borky the Orcy's leg came off with blood shooting out everywhere. Borky the Orcy threw a piece of bread and almost started a tavern brawl, then leading into picking up Hei Stoopid and going through 22 people before getting to the wall.

Shortly after, an individual comes running into the Tavern stating there has been an assassination attempt against the King, and a 50 Platinum bounty for finding the assassin alive. The group, led by Mara with Nessa and Mute (Mike's Character) closely following, all run out and with a good investigation roll, Mara is able to follow and spot the assassin, closely followed by Borky the Orcy with Hei Stoopid on top of his shoulders.

As the chase starts, Mara gets right up next to the assassin, who shortly after vanishes into mist. The others closely follow, while Borky the Orcy enlarges and throws Hei Stoopid into the air. Hei Stoopid lands into multiple different buildings built on top and ends up ten feet away from the assassin, shooting an arrow straight into his chest causing him to lose his grip on the side of the houses. Shortly after, the assassin falls, and Mara and Nessa start to whale into him while he is prone. Borky the Orcy decides to jump and land directly on the assassin, pinning him against the building and the pavement. Hei Stoopid gets the attention of the guards and dives off the building hoping to land on Borky the Orcy, instead misses by a couple of feet and hits the pavement a little hard. Mara then breaks the foot of the assassin before the guards arrive and put magical handcuffs on him.

Once in cuffs, the Captain talks to the group while Hei Stoopid tries to swindle the Captain to get a higher reward. While the Captain is trying to find the individual to confirm the bounty, the assassin starts to steam and heat up. Very quickly, Mute is able to read the ruins and with the realization, immediately starts to run as fast as possible. The group follows immediately, except for Borky the Orcy and Hei Stoopid, as Borky is having a breakdown. Hei Stoopid gets Borky the Orcy to get up and start running, then Borky the Orcy enlarges to get Hei Stoopid over the wall while jumping over himself. The rest of the group goes into the sea and underwater when the explosion hits.

The massive fireball happens where the assassin was last seen and it goes up into a massive explosion, taking out buildings in neighborhoods, expanding to the southern gates, and setting anything outside of the explosion radius on fire. Multiple general stores and taverns were all set ablaze in fire, and half of the coliseum was destroyed. The fires were still blazing through the night with citizens helping put out the fires and get others to safety.

The group got back together and went to the only Inn available to find it empty and grabbed a couple of rooms. Borky the Orcy decided to sleep in the hallway of the second floor, and Hei Stoopid grabbed his coin purse, and all went to sleep. With a full night's rest, Hei Stoopid snuck downstairs and got actual peanuts and beans for Borky the Orcy to eat instead of actual coins.

A new day starts...
